TODO.md, before:

# To-Dos

- Data loading
  - [x] Load matches (to aggregate by home or away)

- Data transformation
  - [x] Remove head coaches

- Streamlit app
  - [x] Add other filters
  - [ ] Improve UI/UX

- KPIs
  - Scope
    - [x] Last played match
    - [x] Last 5 played matches
    - [x] Last 3 played home matches
    - [x] Last 3 played away matches
    - [x] This season
    - [x] Last season
  - Indicator
    - [ ] Points average
    - [ ] Points average without G/A
    - [ ] Availability (played matches against total team matches in filter - this is not only for played matches)
    - [ ] Z-score average position
    - [ ] DVS position
    - [ ] ADP position
    - [ ] Z-score average w/o G/A position
    - [ ] DVS w/o G/A position
    - [ ] ADP wo G/A position
    - [ ] Z-score average general
    - [ ] DVS general
    - [ ] ADP general
    - [ ] Z-score average w/o G/A general
    - [ ] DVS w/o G/A general
    - [ ] ADP w/o G/A general
    - [ ] All stats individually (goals, assists, fouls, offsides, ...)
  - Scouts
    - [ ] Show scouts when selecting player (not in dataframe, but in detailed view)
    - [ ] Show scouts overall
    - [ ] Show scouts for home games
    - [ ] Show scouts for away games

- Review files and documentation (pyproject.toml, README.md, ...)

- Data validation
  - Last played
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - Last 5 played
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - Last 3 home
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - Last 3 away
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - This season
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - Last season
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...

Commit message:

Use per-environment GCS buckets for Terraform state

TODO.md, after:

# To-Dos

- Data loading
  - [x] Load matches (to aggregate by home or away)
  - [x] Run dbt project daily in the schedule
  - [ ] Manage terraform state in cloud (not local)

- Data transformation
  - [x] Remove head coaches

- Streamlit app
  - [x] Add other filters
  - [ ] Improve UI/UX

- KPIs
  - Scope
    - [x] Last played match
    - [x] Last 5 played matches
    - [x] Last 3 played home matches
    - [x] Last 3 played away matches
    - [x] This season
    - [x] Last season
  - Indicator
    - [ ] Points average
    - [ ] Points average without G/A
    - [ ] Availability (played matches against total team matches in filter - this is not only for played matches)
    - [ ] Z-score average position
    - [ ] DVS position
    - [ ] ADP position
    - [ ] Z-score average w/o G/A position
    - [ ] DVS w/o G/A position
    - [ ] ADP wo G/A position
    - [ ] Z-score average general
    - [ ] DVS general
    - [ ] ADP general
    - [ ] Z-score average w/o G/A general
    - [ ] DVS w/o G/A general
    - [ ] ADP w/o G/A general
    - [ ] All stats individually (goals, assists, fouls, offsides, ...)
  - Scouts
    - [ ] Show scouts when selecting player (not in dataframe, but in detailed view)
    - [ ] Show scouts overall
    - [ ] Show scouts for home games
    - [ ] Show scouts for away games

- Review files and documentation (pyproject.toml, README.md, ...)
  - Use Copilot to write AGENTS.md and README.md

- Data validation
  - Last played
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - Last 5 played
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - Last 3 home
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - Last 3 away
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - This season
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
  - Last season
    - [x] Average points
    - [x] Availability
    - [ ] Average points w/o G/A
    - [ ] ...
